Migration Tutorial: Removed API versions (#55)
appuio/appuio-cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/tutorials/migration.adoc

Before starting the migration of your applications from APPUiO Public to APPUiO Cloud, please check the xref:explanation/differences-to-public.adoc[document explaining all the major differences] between both platforms.

== Removed API versions

Several Kubernetes API versions have been removed since Kubernetes 1.11, on which version APPUiO Public was based on.

> This means the manifests from APPUiO Public can be exported, but needs to be updated, before applicable on APPUiO Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that manifests from APPUiO Public can be exported, but need to be updated before being applied on APPUiO Cloud.
```

> Often just the API of the object has to be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often just the API version or group of an object has to be changed.
```

> For some new API versions, a different structure and other default values apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For some new API versions however, a different structure or other default values apply.
```
